Javascript Exercise:

1) Create a variable called userName, assign the value "Ajay" to it. and check your answer in console

2)  Create a variable called x, assign the value 10
	Create a variable called y, assign the value 20
	Create a variable called sum, assign the sum of x&y
	and check your answer in console

3) Display the sum of 15 + 20, using two variables: x and y
	& show value in alert box

4) get any value from prompt box and show the same value in console using log function

5) Create a variable called answer, assign data1 * data2 to it, and display the result on browser using write() function
	here: data1 will have value 100 & data2 will have value 200

6) create a variable data1 & data2 having value ajay & vijay respectively. add data1 & data2 using math ( + ) operator & understand the concept of concatenation operator  

7) create a variable data1 , store 10.90 in data1. and check the data type of data1 in console

8) create two variable having values 10 & 20. & show the multiplication value in alert box

9) create two variable having values 10 & 20. & show the division answer on browser using write() method

10) there is a variable data having value as 10 . find the remainder ( hint : use modulus operator)

11) create a function ( name myfunc() ) and call the same function on button click ( hint : within function print test data using console)

12) create a function ( name myfunc() ) and call the same function using keyup event using textbox ( hint : within function print test data using console)

13) create a function ( name myfunc() ) and call the same function using resize event ( hint : within function print test data using console)

14) create a function ( name myfunc() ) and pass 2 value having number 10 & 20 , do the multiplication & show the result in console  ( hint: use button & onclick event)

15) create a paragraph with some dummy content , on button click change the paragraph value ( hint : use innerHTML & querySelector() functionality) 

16) create a paragraph with some dummy content , on button double click change the paragraph background color to grey ( hint : use style & getElementById() functionality) 

17) create a paragraph with some dummy content , on mouse over change the paragraph content ( hint:  no hint in this case )

18) create a paragraph with some dummy content , on hover apply grey color & on mouse out apply blue color

19) show 1 to 5 number on browser with break using for loop

20) show only even numbers between 1 to 10 using for while loop , show results in console

21) create a variable data , store any number in data & find out whether the no is even or odd ( hint : use if-else & mod operator )

22) create a textbox (with id txt) & get any value from text box using button & show result in console ( hint: use onclick event & value property for textbox )

23) generate 2 textbox (having id txt1,txt2 respectively) , get values of both in data1 & data2. now show the sum of values in paragraph having id para ( note : if you recieve data from textbox then please check data type before you do the sum)

24) create a textbox (with id txt) & get value from textbox & check whether the entered value is string or number (hint: use isNaN() & if-else). show the result in console

25) create a textbox (with id txt) & get value from textbox , in case textbox is empty then please show textbox border with color red & border width 2px.

26) create a textbox (with id txt) & get value.
if the value is string then show error in paragraph as only number is required. 

